Zhuge love
Yesterday's daily newspaper
Last month's monthly report
You guys ready?
This is the daily newspaper you wrote
Get up at 3:00
Call flowers at 4 o'clock
Your Highness
Why don't you add when you leave the palace?
As a country
What the hell
So many people
What other people can do?
Which country was built?
What are these two written about?
Ride backwards for 6 seconds
Brothel gambling
The prince's words are bad
Ministers and others are worried about the country
No matter what you do on the surface
In fact, what is told in the mouth is also a national event
Why not?
Then what big state affairs do you talk about?
Let me hear it
Inspector banquets the city
Daily what daily
I don't have it.
Why not?
I don't want to write
Why not write
My father is the Great Xia God of War, Prince Qin Zhan
Compared to these officials from humble backgrounds
More loyal and reliable
How can I learn to write this crap?
So I feel very loyal
Of course.
When it comes to loyalty
No one is better than me
I'll give it a try.